c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Grammy.dll.config
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Grammy.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Grammy.pdb
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\obj\Debug\Grammy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\obj\Debug\Grammy.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\obj\Debug\Grammy.pdb
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Grammy.dll.config
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Grammy.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Grammy.pdb
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\obj\Debug\Grammy.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\obj\Debug\Grammy.pdb
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\obj\Debug\Grammy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Grammy.dll.config
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Grammy.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Grammy.pdb
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\obj\Debug\Grammy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\obj\Debug\Grammy.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\Grammy\Grammy\obj\Debug\Grammy.pdb
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ClearScript.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.ChakraCore.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Msie.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.V8.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JSPool.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\MsieJavaScriptEngine.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Core.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Web.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Web.Mvc4.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\VroomJs.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.ChakraCore.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Msie.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.V8.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JSPool.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\MsieJavaScriptEngine.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Core.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Web.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Web.Mvc4.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\VroomJs.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ru-ru\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.ChakraCore.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ru-ru\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ru-ru\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.V8.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ru-ru\MsieJavaScriptEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Grammy.dll.config
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Grammy.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Grammy.pdb
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ClearScript.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.ChakraCore.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Msie.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.V8.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JSPool.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\MsieJavaScriptEngine.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Core.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Web.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Web.Mvc4.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\VroomJs.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.ChakraCore.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Msie.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.V8.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JSPool.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\MsieJavaScriptEngine.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Core.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Web.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Web.Mvc4.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\VroomJs.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ru-ru\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.ChakraCore.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ru-ru\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ru-ru\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.V8.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ru-ru\MsieJavaScriptEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\obj\Debug\Grammy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\obj\Debug\Grammy.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\trabajando\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\obj\Debug\Grammy.pdb
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Grammy.dll.config
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Grammy.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Grammy.pdb
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ClearScript.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.ChakraCore.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Msie.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.V8.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JSPool.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\MsieJavaScriptEngine.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Core.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Web.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Web.Mvc4.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\VroomJs.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.ChakraCore.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Msie.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.V8.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JSPool.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\MsieJavaScriptEngine.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Core.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Web.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Web.Mvc4.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\VroomJs.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ru-ru\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.ChakraCore.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ru-ru\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ru-ru\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.V8.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ru-ru\MsieJavaScriptEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\obj\Debug\Grammy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\obj\Debug\Grammy.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\poryecto-discos2\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\obj\Debug\Grammy.pdb
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Grammy.dll.config
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Grammy.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Grammy.pdb
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ClearScript.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.ChakraCore.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Msie.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.V8.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JSPool.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\MsieJavaScriptEngine.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Core.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Web.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Web.Mvc4.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\VroomJs.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.ChakraCore.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Msie.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.V8.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JSPool.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\MsieJavaScriptEngine.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Core.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Web.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Web.Mvc4.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\VroomJs.xml
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ru-ru\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.ChakraCore.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ru-ru\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ru-ru\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.V8.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ru-ru\MsieJavaScriptEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\obj\Debug\Grammy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\obj\Debug\Grammy.dll
C:\Users\alumno\Desktop\proyecto-discos\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\obj\Debug\Grammy.pdb
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Grammy.dll.config
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Grammy.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Grammy.pdb
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ClearScript.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.ChakraCore.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Msie.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.V8.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JSPool.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\MsieJavaScriptEngine.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Core.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Web.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Web.Mvc4.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\VroomJs.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.ChakraCore.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Msie.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.V8.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\JSPool.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\MsieJavaScriptEngine.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Core.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Web.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\React.Web.Mvc4.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\VroomJs.xml
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ru-ru\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.ChakraCore.resources.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ru-ru\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ru-ru\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.V8.resources.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\ru-ru\MsieJavaScriptEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\obj\Debug\Grammy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\obj\Debug\Grammy.dll
C:\Users\Wyrna\Desktop\DSW\proyecto-discos\Grammy\Grammy\obj\Debug\Grammy.pdb
